In the last assignment we created this solution with our law here where we could add items which get
incrementing number and this number then determines whether we have a background color which is blue
or does text C S S Class attached to it.
Now in the assignment I said that it is one option to use the incrementing number in our log.
Another option might be to use any Arbre content.
For example a time stamp but it could be any other text.
So first of all change this year in my app component types file that will no longer push this number.
Instead I will use the time stamp here which you can get with new date.
Date is a built in object.
Javascript chips with.
So there is no need to add any import.
Now if that were pushing you time stamps on this array can demonstrate as with any cert for running
by simply clicking this button here.
But now everything is blue of course because our check here now always returns true because a string
and this is just a string is always deemed as being greater than 5.
So our check doesn't work anymore.
We can add something to energy for here or to separate them with a semicolon.
You can extract some extra information.
The current index or the index of the current iteration with the flat you can find it to any variable
name of your choice like I or index whatever you like I will set it to I.
And then you set equal to index.
Now equal to index kind of is also like a research expression you could say it gives you access to the
index of the current iteration.
So in the first loop this will be S.R.O and the second loop so in the second element and Desirae I will
be one and so on.
Now with this information you can of course update your solution here to no longer check the log item
is greater or equal than 5.
But if I is greater or equal than 4 because remember the index starts at zero.
So let's update both.
Checks like this and now with that this should work with any content and not just with incrementing
numbers.
Does looks pretty good.
So that's a tiny addition.
Extracting the index off and G-4 just like dead with that.
Enough about the basics.
We get a lot of solid knowledge right now.
Let's use it to set up our course project in the next section before we then dive deeper into components
and data binding.
Can't wait to see you there.